[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a thriller about a couple
who discover a strange room in their new
house
that grants anything they wish however
can they all get anything they want
without anything in return
let's find out on the room the film
begins by showing a husband and wife
named matt and kate
the couple had just moved into a new
house they had just bought
matt is an artist while his wife kate is
a writer
having just moved in the two of them
seem to be busy tidying up various
furniture in their new home
both seem to love each other because
they like to joke and express their love
for each other
among the pile of broken furniture matt
found a strange look wooden key
while busy cleaning their house matt
finds a locked room
matt then opened the room using a wooden
key he found
matt and kate entered the mysterious
room but just as kate stepped in
suddenly there was a power outage in the
house the lights around them flickered
matt then called an electrician to check
the electrical conditions in the house
however when he checked the electrician
looked confused because the electrical
circuit was very complicated and unusual
because the electrician couldn't fix the
electrical conditions in the house
he finally left but when he was about to
leave the technician told matt that
something had happened in the house
the house was formerly occupied by a
husband and wife who eventually died
because they were killed by their own
son matt who was curious about the story
decided to look for information about
his house on the internet
according to information on the internet
the husband and wife who lived in the
house were killed by their son
john doe because he was considered a
mental disorder
john doe was arrested and put in a
mental hospital
that night matt who was indecisive then
entered a mysterious room in his house
he then spent his time drinking in the
room then he who was half drunk
subconsciously asked for another drink
that had run out it was then the lights
in the room became dim
but when the lights came back on how
surprised he was when he found the new
bottle of drink he had asked for
the next day kate woke up from sleep
finding matt was busy in the secret room
kate was so surprised to find so many
things in the room when the room was
supposed to be empty
but not only that various objects in the
room looked very expensive and rare
such as paintings and various other
furniture matt said that all the things
in the room resulted from his wish in
the magic room
matt asked kate to ask for anything in
the room a doubtful kate then asked for
some small amount of money
turns out the light started flashing
after that matt immediately showed kate
the money she had just asked for
still doubting matt kate then asked for
a huge amount of money
the lights flashed again and to her
surprise she realized that there was a
large pile of money on the floor
kate became so scared by the magic room
but matt persuaded kaden said
that they should enjoy the room
realizing that the room could grant all
their wishes
the two of the men had fun they asked
for lots of money
luxurious clothes to all the jewelry
they used to only dream of
day after day they spent together having
fun in that magical room
the two of them completely lost control
and did a lot of crazy things in the
room
they were both really lulled by a room
that was able to grant all their
requests
but over time kate began to get bored
with all the objects that can be found
easily in the room
matt finally realized that kate was
getting bored matt himself has a desire
to have a child
according to him the presence of a child
will fill the void in their relationship
but kate realized that they had tried
many times but they always miscarried
kate is now traumatized by trying to
have children
the incident made matt so stressed that
he finally left the house
but upon returning home mats was
surprised to find a baby in their room
it turns out that kate entered the magic
room and asked for a boy
because kate herself had doubts if she
would ever have a child of her own womb
but it made matt so angry
because he disapproved of them having
children in that way finally
the two of them went into the room to
get rid of the baby matt forced kate to
ask
that her child be lost but kate was
unable to bear to lose her son
finally matt decided to leave the room
leaving kate and the baby
curious about the room matt finally
decided to find out more information
matt then took some of the money they
got from the magic room and went to see
john doe
at the mental hospital matt finally
meets john doe it turns out that john
doe knows something about the room but
he doesn't want to give matt any
information
he just gave matt a suggestion to get
out of the house before it's too late
matt finally leaves the mental hospital
but when he was about to pay for the gas
he bought using the money he took from
the magic room he was shocked
strangely all the money he brought has
now turned to dust
matt who was suspicious of the items
obtained from the magical room
decided to go home he then took some
money and threw it out of the house
and sure enough the money turns into
dust when outside the house
not only that the painting that was
placed outside his house suddenly turned
to dust
now he realized that all the items from
the magic room would not survive
outside the house and would turn to dust
with h so that all the things from the
room will age very quickly and crumble
to dust
when kate was about to take her baby out
of the house matt tried to warn her not
to do that
but kate still took the baby out of the
house how surprised kate was when she
was outside the house
her baby was growing very quickly matt
immediately brought the baby into the
house
without him knowing their babies are now
eight years old
very fast aging finally kate decided to
take care of their child
her son was named shane every day kate
tries hard to teach shane various things
until a closeness begins to develop
between the two of them
but matt was different because he didn't
want his son he didn't care about shane
however shane often feels bored at home
and wants to leave the house
day by day the closeness of shane and
kate is growing
because he spent his time in the house
shane got to know the ins and outs of
the house
one day shane found the secret room he
also now knew
that the magical roar could grant all
wishes
one day kate and matt entered the secret
room but both of them were so shocked
that shane was there
the room looks different because it
looks like the outside of the house
turns out shane asked for the room to
look like it was in the middle of the
forest
because matt was afraid that something
terrible would happen he immediately
dragged shane out of the magic room
one day a telephone rang turns out john
doe
was calling from a mental hospital this
time john doe tells matt about the
secret behind the magic room
john doe said that his parents used to
be a husband and wife who could not have
children
his parents then asked for a child from
the magic room and the child was john
doe
it turns out that john doe and shane are
the two people who appear from the
request in the magic
room but it's strange how john doe
didn't turn to dust when he left the
house
john doe then revealed his secret if
matt wants the item
or whatever they get from that room to
survive outside the person asking for
the item must die
that's the reason why both his parents
died because they both wanted john doe
to have a life outside the home because
his father asked for john doe
his father had to die his father and
mother then asked john doe to kill them
so that he would have a life
after the murder he did finally john doe
could get out of the house
and live freely like a normal human
being in general unfortunately he was
arrested by the police
and put in a mental hospital because he
was thought to have a mental disorder
the same goes for kate and matt if they
want shane to live then kate must die
unexpectedly kate turned out to be
quietly listening to matt and john doe's
conversation on the phone
this incident made kate so frustrated
she then went out and tried to kill
herself so that shane could live
fortunately kate hesitated to do so
kate then comes home and meets with matt
matt tried to persuade his wife and
comforter
they then began to make love and vent
their love passion but both of them
didn't realize when they were making
love
shane saw everything shane who is still
a child
begins to have a desire to have sex
shane then decides to leave the house
the next day matt and kate were so
shocked when they saw shane
who had become an adult but shane who's
jealous of mats and kate's intimacy
wants to kill matt he really wants to
get kate kate tried so hard to persuade
shane
matt then took the opportunity to attack
shane and tried hard to take the gun in
his hand
at that time kate fell and hit her head
she fainted
meanwhile matt and shane have a fierce
duel between life and death
kate finally woke up from her stupor
matt says he's managed to kill shane
but the information made kate sad
because of the loss of her son
when kate and matt were eating together
kate could see there was something
strange about matt
she realized that what was in front of
her was not matt but shane in disguise
now she knew that they were in a magical
room made to look like their home
shane disguised as matt tries to
persuade kate to have sex with him
on the other hand it was matt who woke
up from his stupor now he realized that
kate was in danger
he knew that shane had brought kate into
the magic room unfortunately the magic
room is locked by shane
so matt has to break through the walls
to get him in when he made it in
matt was amazed that shane had turned
this room into their home
matt finally met kate but kate is made
very confused
because now there are two mats in front
of her after following her conscience
kate knows which matt is real and which
is fake
kate pushed shane who was still
disguised as matt down the stairs
that's when his true form appeared
unfortunately kate and matt are still
trapped in the house
when they tried to get out of the room
shane made the room look like a mace
both of them got lost and just circled
around in the same place
matt and kate realized they could use
their imaginations to trick shane
they then made a replica of themselves
and managed to outwit shane
finally matt and kate managed to
persuade shane out of the magic room
matt escorted shane to wrestle him out
of the house because it was outside the
house
shane's body began to age so quickly his
body was aging so fast that he turned to
dust
a month since the incident kate and matt
have moved out of the house
now they live in a motel when matt came
in with coffee for kate
kate was seen staring blankly she was
stunned when she saw a test pack that
showed that she is pregnant
that's when the lights in the room
flashed indicating that she had not yet
come out of the magic room
it turns out that kate is still stuck
with shane and worst of all
now she is pregnant with the baby of her
own adopted child
you